changetime-specific	snooze get shorts until Saturday
fetchdigest	Tasks today
fetchweather	What s the weather going to be this weekend?
fetchweather	What s tomorrow s weather forecast?
fetchweather	What s the forecast for tomorrow?
fetchweather	What is the forecast looking like for tomorrow?
fetchweather	What is the forecast looking like for tomorrow
fetchweather	weather forecast
createtodo	Remind me to call dad today at 3
completetodo-most-recent	done with all
createtodo	usb cable for mom
createtodo	Remind me to every month to call 212-233-5021 for bc refills
createtodo	Add buy Apple battery
changetime-most-recent	Snooze
fetchdigest	What else do I need to do?
createtodo	Add finish global citizen tickets
createtodo	Add taxes
createtodo	Add check mail
createtodo	Add birthday trip research
createtodo	Birdie Wylde
createtodo	Desiree Akhavan
createtodo	Remind me to reply to amy email
createtodo	Remind me to watch drew movie and follow up re location 5pm
changetime-most-recent	Can you snooze the other tasks to tomorrow morning at 10 ?
createtodo	Remind me to CONRAD MUSIC
createtodo	Remind me to  WATCH DREW'S MOVIE
createtodo	Remind me to WRITE TO INTERNS
createtodo	Remind me to WRITE NYFF INVITES TO ADRIENNE AND NANCY/ALAN
createtodo	Remind me to TAXES
createtodo	Remind me to HEALTH INSURANCE
createtodo	Remind me to CHANGE ADDRESS
createtodo	Remind me to WORK ON SUNDANCE APP
createtodo	Remind me to STRANGERS
createtodo	Remind me to PILATES/weights
createtodo	Remind me to reply to Nicole email 6pm
createtodo	Remind me to 12pm today 
-CONRAD MUSIC
-WATCH DREW'S MOVIE
-WRITE TO INTERNS
-WRITE NYFF INVITES TO ADRIENNE AND NANCY/ALAN
-TAXES
-HEALTH INSURANCE
-CHANGE ADDRESS 
-WORK ON SUNDANCE APP
-STRANGERS
-PILATES/weights
createtodo	Remind me to 12pm today CONRAD MUSIC, WATCH DREW'S MOVIE, WRITE TO INTERNS, WRITE NYFF INVITES TO ADRIENNE AND NANCY/ALAN, TAXES, HEALTH INSURANCE, CHANGE ADDRESS,  WORK ON SUNDANCE APP, STRANGERS, PILATES/weights
joke	Ok- tell me something funny
createtodo	Emily Dewhurst new piece 
fetchdigest	What are my other tasks?
nicety	Keeper, you're da shit
createtodo	Remind me to Email win and Sophia at 6pm today
fetchweather	What's the weather going to be this weekend?
fetchdigest	Show me my tasks
createtodo	Remind me to go to Zara
createtodo	Remind me dog groomer tomorrow morning at 6 AM
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow morning 530 Am Zeus appointment
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow morning 5 Am Zeus appointment
createtodo	At 6 remind me to send dips my write up
fetchdigest	Checklist
completetodo-specific	Done canceling Martinez
completetodo-specific	done writing imaging doc
completetodo-specific	done imaging doc to Thomas Hensley
completetodo-specific	done sending imaging doc to dhomas hensley
completetodo-most-recent	Done :)
completetodo-specific	Done with make website design
createtodo	Remind me to make website design tomorrow at 3pm
createtodo	remind me tomorrow morning to cancel Martinez
completetodo-most-recent	Clear to do list
completetodo-most-recent	Done with emailing Stephanie 
createtodo	Math book
createtodo	Talk to mom about the charter bill 
createtodo	Remind me to look for Selena Gomez good for you and Demi lovato cool for the summer in 2 hours 
createtodo	Remind me to fold and pack clothes for my trip 
createtodo	Remind me to get hair cut on the 6th 
createtodo	Watch back country 
silentnicety	Yup sure
createtodo	Remind me to get the psych at 7 pm
createtodo	Remind me at 7:45 am to get hennessys boots
nicety	Ok
nicety	No thanks
createtodo	Remind me at 1130 to shower
timecorrection	No 11:30 pm
createtodo	Remind me at 7:30 am to dress nice for culinary pic
createtodo	Remind me at 12 am to bring cards
createtodo	Remind me at 7:30 am to get my yearbook
createtodo	Remind me Wednesday 8:55 am to make Victoria cookies
createtodo	Remind me Wednesday at 3 to wear my medals
createtodo	Remind me at 11  pm to get toothpaste deodorant pillow and bug spray
createtodo	Remind me at 5:50 am to get your camera body wash sunglasses charger blanket snacks money
createtodo	Remind me at 11:30 to get water shoes flip flops sneakers sunblock
timecorrection	No 11:30 pm
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	Yes
createtodo	Remind me in 2 hours
silentnicety	Ok
createtodo	Remind me at 12 am to drink tea
completetodo-specific	Done with wearing my medals
createtodo	Remind me at 8:30 am to get an extra graduation ticket
silentnicety	Ok
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at 7:40 am to get macaron things
createtodo	Remind me to look up Madonna by drake at 10 pm
createtodo	Remind me in 45 minutes
createtodo	Text me and 11:45 pm tomorrow to  during lunch go to ms Villarruel and hand in a paper from folder for Lesi
createtodo	Text me at 11:45 pm tomorrow to  during lunch go to ms Villarruel and hand in a paper from folder for Lesi
createtodo	Remind me at 11:45 pm tomorrow to  during lunch go to ms Villarruel and hand in a paper from folder for Lesi
timecorrection	No 11:45 am
createtodo	Remind me at 6:15 am that I have detention
createtodo	Remind me to pack my clothes
timecorrection	12 am
nicety	Morning
nicety	Ur amszing thx
fetchdigest	What do you need to remind me about?
createtodo	Bug Brandi and Greg
createtodo	Lunch with Kaplan
createtodo	Invite Weiner to office
createtodo	Upscale sushi with Moldovan
createtodo	Remind me to email cal invite for Guillermo and Jarad interview with Neil
createtodo	Bug Brandi and Greg tomorrow
timecorrection	10pm
createtodo	Lunch with Kaplan today at 9 am
createtodo	Invite Weiner to office today at 9 am
createtodo	Upscale sushi with Moldovan today at 9 am
createtodo	Give Lasha story of changing success email to go out after emails are sent out?
createtodo	Give Lasha story of changing success email to go out after emails are sent out
createtodo	Give Lasha story of changing success email to go out after emails are sent out
completetodo-specific	Done with nomad
createtodo	Remind Ben about Emily's bday
completetodo-specific	Done with cc bill
createtodo	Sign nomad hotel sig for peter
completetodo-specific	Done with suit
createtodo	Pay cc bill today
createtodo	Make appointment for Emily for Berke
createtodo	Add get haircut to list
nicety	Roger
fetchdigest	Todo
fetchdigest	Todo
createtodo	Make appointment for Emily for Berke tmr
completetodo-specific	Done with Pete
completetodo-specific	Done with Greg
createtodo	Schedule lunch w Pete
completetodo-specific	Done with Lasha
createtodo	Sign nomad hotel sig for Peter tmr
createtodo	pick up suit
createtodo	Remind me to intro vitty and Jaffe
createtodo	Hey keeper.  Please remind Derek to be in town next Wednesday for lunch!
nicety	sounds good
createtodo	Remind me that Nicha is coming next Friday at 9am
nicety	Niiice!!
createtodo	Remind me to make scavenger hunt for anniversary
silentnicety	That time is fine
completetodo-specific	Unpack done 
createtodo	Bank 
createtodo	Kill ants 
createtodo	kill ants tomorrow
createtodo	Buy salt spray 
completetodo-specific	Spanish advisor done 
createtodo	Super glue 
createtodo	Eat banana at 3 
createtodo	Buy trash bags 
createtodo	Buy a sombrilla 
createtodo	Buy duct tape 
createtodo	Buy trash bags tmr
createtodo	Buy a sombrilla tmr
createtodo	Buy duct tape tmr
createtodo	Buy a fan today at 8
completetodo-specific	Eat banana done 
createtodo	Do work out today 
createtodo	 Remind me to unpack today at 2
createtodo	 Remind me on Monday to check my transcripts 
completetodo-specific	Buy fan sine 
completetodo-specific	Buy sombrilla done 
completetodo-specific	Duct tape done 
completetodo-specific	Trash bags done 
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me to recruit 9:45 am tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to Get money from Hna luz 6pm saturday
deletereminder	Don't remind me that anymore 
fetchweather	What's the forecast today
nicety	Love u
nicety	Send me a pic of u
completetodo-specific	Check laundry and packing off
timecorrection	OK please remind me at noon
nicety	Thank you 
nicety	Thank you
nicety	Yes just R&R
completetodo-most-recent	You can complete that task for me please 
createtodo	I need to buy moving boxes tomorrow around noon
completetodo-most-recent	OK complete the task
silentnicety	Sure
createtodo	Remind me diapers in 20 minutes
createtodo	Remind me to scan the form at 7am
createtodo	Remind me soccerball in 15 minutes
fetchdigest	Show me all
createtodo	remind me to call babi in 3 hours
completetodo-most-recent	done, thanks
completetodo-most-recent	done
completetodo-most-recent	done
completetodo-most-recent	Done with all
createtodo	Remind me to call the ice cream guy tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to text mom about insurance forms
createtodo	Remind me to call Aaron at 4:30
createtodo	Remind me to email ppl about ice cream
completetodo-most-recent	done with all
createtodo	remind me to hand in progress notes tomorrow at 1pm
createtodo	Remind me to call Warren Levi and email magder at 5pm
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Remind me to daven at 130
createtodo	Remind me to download videos tonight at 11 PM
createtodo	Email magder, get watermelon, 
createtodo	email magder tomorrow
timecorrection	Today
createtodo	Remind me to call Dr. Tobia and to send my Phone on Monday morning
timecorrection	 10am
fetchdigest	All reminders
createtodo	Remind me to email Jill about signatures at 8pm
nicety	Can I give you a to-do list?
createtodo	Medals at 4pm
createtodo	Call mad science
timecorrection	12:15
completetodo-most-recent	Done with all
fetchdigest	show me all for tomorrow
createtodo	To do: call shalom, jcab poll, 
createtodo	Remind me to bring my iPad Tuesday morning
createtodo	remind me to call warren levi and wax center tomorrow morning
timecorrection	9am
createtodo	Remind me to print articles in a hour
createtodo	remind me to pack this stuff tomorrow: Chicken
Cauliflower/potatoes
Steak
Corn
Snap peas
Bageltown Cupcakes
timecorrection	can you remind me at 4pm?
timecorrection	can you remind me at 4pm
createtodo	remind me on monday at 1pm to buy ice cream
nicety	Ok don't worry about it
completetodo-specific	Done with text
createtodo	Reminder to bring plastic cups, Splenda at 5pm today
completetodo-specific	Do em with preparing to leave
completetodo-specific	Done with preparing to leav
completetodo-specific	Done with prepare to leave
completetodo-specific	Done with texting Andrew's mother
createtodo	Reminder to shop for Shabbat and go to Costco at 12 noon today
completetodo-specific	Done with email supple list
changetime-specific	Snooze book Alexander for tomorrow at 10am
createtodo	Reminder at 5pm today to bring frozen pizza, ices, big soup pot and bowls to the beach house
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow to pay jean
changetime-most-recent	Snooze for tomorrow at 9:30 am
createtodo	Reminder today at 2:45 PM to pick up Etan and get charger from playroom
createtodo	Reminder on Friday at 10am to bring laundry basket, plastic utensils, small paper plates, Splenda, scissors to the beach house
createtodo	Reminder to text Andrew Rinzler's mother tomorrow at 10 AM
completetodo-specific	Done with pAy jean
Done with bringing to beach house
createtodo	Schedule dentist appointment for Steve at 2
completetodo-most-recent	Done thanks
changetime-most-recent	Remind me at 3
createtodo	Remind me to turn off the pool at 8 PM tonight
createtodo	Remind me to turn off the dryer in an hour
createtodo	Remind me to wear sneakers at 7:30 AM tomorrow
createtodo	remind me to bring a beach towel at 9:00 AM tomorrow
nicety	thnx
createtodo	Remind me to get Koegel from Dena's house at 12 PM tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to make an appointment tomorrow night at 9:15 PM
nicety	Thnx
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Already saved... Thnx!
createtodo	Remind me to make a contacts appointment tomorrow at 10 AM
createtodo	Remind me that I have an ortho appointment tomorrow at 5:00 PM
nicety	Thnx!
createtodo	Remind me to send soup and hockey helmet with Ben at 3 o'clock today
createtodo	remind me to order pictures at 12 PM today
createtodo	Remind me to put the clothing in the dryer in 25 minutes
nicety	Thnx
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Remind me to Call my PCP and make a appointment about memory
changetime-specific	Remind to change Aflac rates on 7/14
createtodo	Sign up for uwm act prep. La sua vita 
nicety	ta 
createtodo	Book full of all scholarships ever
createtodo	 Text tiffany drivers ed info 
completetodo-most-recent	Done and done 
createtodo	Remind me to Discussion 8:30 pm
silentnicety	It's cool
fetchdigest	Could you send my daily task again please
changetime-most-recent	Before 8p
changetime-most-recent	No BEFORE 8p
changetime-most-recent	No Keeper remind me sooner than that please
createtodo	Pray daily
fetchdigest	Could you refresh today's tasks please
completetodo-specific	Done with check
createtodo	Finish salad 20 min
nicety	No thanks
createtodo	Check out Nissan vehicles 
completetodo-specific	Naomie's Cincinnati appt is over 
completetodo-specific	Done with Cincinnati spot
stop	I don't want anymore texts from you
completetodo-specific	Work done
createtodo	Wash car 
createtodo	Pick up groceries in two hours 
createtodo	Remind me to call doctor and car dealership tomorrow's
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Send membership email and post on Facebook 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
changesetting	Zip code 97330
createtodo	On August 26th remind me I have an interview the next day at 12
createtodo	August 26th interview at 12
createtodo	Remind me August 26th interview at 12
createtodo	Remind me Thursday I have an apt Friday at 9:15
createtodo	Remind me Thursday night at 9 pm
completetodo-specific	Done washing car
createtodo	Remind me at 3 Wednesday that I work at 5
changetime-specific	Work at 3 Wednesday 
nicety	Thank you  
createtodo	Buy warped tour tickets next week
completetodo-specific	Bought tickets 
completetodo-specific	I'm at Brittany's 
createtodo	Buy Nate a birthday present Thursday 
completetodo-specific	Got Nate a present
completetodo-specific	Done with appointment
createtodo	Remind me on July 6 that the Premiere of Season 2 of Chasing Life comes on
completetodo-specific	Picked up Nikki 
createtodo	Leave to pick Nikki up at 3pm tomorrow 
createtodo	Nationals game on July 18th
createtodo	Orthodontist appointment at 2:30 tomorrow
createtodo	Be at Brittany's by 4 on Friday 
createtodo	Send me a reminder for Brittany's by 3pm
nicety	Ur all ready perfect 
createtodo	Change Twitter profile
createtodo	Change stripe receipt
completetodo-specific	Already walked him.
createtodo	Remind me to get an email to walter at 12PM.
createtodo	Reming grandma to bring my package on Friday 
completetodo-specific	Done reminding grandma to bring package 
fetchdigest	What do you have to remind me this week?
completetodo-specific	I looked up processional info
createtodo	Add to today's tasks:
Write Arielle a note 
Paint
timecorrection	No remind me before 4pm
timecorrection	remind me before 4pm
timecorrection	Before 4pm
createtodo	 Remind me in an hour to take my medicine 
timecorrection	Tonight at 12am 
timecorrection	No remind me to take my medine at 12am 
createtodo	Text me when it's 5pm so I can go get ready for the movies. 
createtodo	Hey remind me around 6pm. To put my clothes in the dryer. 
createtodo	remind me around 6pm. To put my clothes in the dryer. 
completetodo-specific	Straighten hair is down 
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
completetodo-specific	done with hair
createtodo	At 8:00pm tonight. I need to take my medicine 
createtodo	Also remind me sometime in the morning to take my medicine 
createtodo	Remind me around 12pm to take morning medicine 
timecorrection	Remind me around 11am 
createtodo	Remind me around 8:45 to go straighten my hair 
createtodo	Text me when it's 9:30 
createtodo	Remind me in 20 mins to go get the laptop and the phone and my charger cord 
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
createtodo	Buy the flag shoes for mom
createtodo	Order wheel and oil change kit
completetodo-specific	Took photos
completetodo-most-recent	done
silentnicety	Your minions? Lol
silentnicety	Lol ok
nicety	Thanks keeper
silentnicety	I don't have friends
completetodo-most-recent	Done dude 
fetchweather	What's the weather tomorrow? 
fetchweather	What is the weather for Tuesday? 
nicety	Okay. When is it fall? 
nicety	When does fall begin? 
nicety	Awesome. Didn't think you'd answer fhsr question. Thank ya Keeper. 
nicety	Goodnight  
silentnicety	Nahh, I'm good 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Already done it 
createtodo	August 25th remind Ginger to check weather for pictures 
createtodo	Remind me to text Ginger August 25th
silentnicety	K
fetchdigest	Tell me everything else I have to do
completetodo-most-recent	I picked it up
completetodo-specific	I turned in my court documents
createtodo	Delta gamma rec
createtodo	Add to my list to send Sheryl Pi phi Rec stuff
createtodo	Remind me to it's 5:15pm
createtodo	Community service 7am on Friday
createtodo	Write research paper by Sunday
changetime-most-recent	Remind me again by noon
createtodo	Remind me to Get 5 scantrons
createtodo	Remind me to Check mail after sociology class @ 2:15pm
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Hi keeper
createtodo	Take out the trash 9pm Thursday
completetodo-specific	done with text Tina
createtodo	pack up at 5:00 August 9th
createtodo	tomorrow at 1am remind me that I have 38 days left
nicety	nothing for now , thank you .
completetodo-most-recent	check that off
silentnicety	no just asking
createtodo	remind me I can do this tomorrow
completetodo-most-recent	done with these
timecorrection	no July 30th
createtodo	Remind me I have 39 days left at 1:00pm
completetodo-most-recent	check it off .
completetodo-most-recent	done
nicety	thanks!
createtodo	Text Tina Tomorrow at 4:45pm
deletereminder	Never mind
silentnicety	Alright. Thank you
completetodo-specific	Cancel eye spot
createtodo	Remember Mariners landing 
nicety	O Kay ty
nicety	Okay ty
completetodo-specific	I got my library card done. 
I sent the squad the videos 
And I put a note on the door for spider warning 
completetodo-most-recent	Already did
nicety	Thank you
deletereminder	I don't need to message joshua anymore
fetchweather	Todays weather?
completetodo-most-recent	Im done with that
completetodo-specific	Remove going fishing with spencer 
completetodo-specific	done fishing
createtodo	I have a derby today 
timecorrection	No make it 3
timecorrection	make it 3
nicety	Thank you 
createtodo	Go fishing with spencer at 7:00
timecorrection	Make it 6:30
createtodo	Buy naked dolly from naked for mom
completetodo-specific	Code is done
completetodo-specific	Tell David about keeper is done
completetodo-specific	Tell David goodnight done
nicety	Thank you
completetodo-most-recent	Tasks done already
createtodo	Olathe personal history statement 
createtodo	Toe nails 
createtodo	Finger nails 
createtodo	Clean bedroom 
createtodo	Dishes 
createtodo	Laundry 
createtodo	Clean out car 
createtodo	Eyebrows 
createtodo	Workout 
fetchweather	Current Forecast 
completetodo-specific	I paid it
nicety	Thank you
createtodo	Go to work at 8.
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Go to work at 8.
nicety	Hey Keeper!
nicety	You too!  
createtodo	Pay four wheeler payment
completetodo-most-recent	Done!
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Pay four wheeler payment by 6pm today
nicety	Thank you!
silentnicety	Okay!
stop	Stop
completetodo-most-recent	 I did that
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	WIC appt at 10:45 on Monday. 
nicety	Nothing right now. Thank you. 
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done. 
completetodo-most-recent	Check off to do list
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Remind me to buy Hannah a birthday present and save money to go up there
timecorrection	Tomorrow won't work how about next Friday?
timecorrection	next friday
nicety	Thank you
nicety	Will you tell me a joke
createtodo	Mine and Lucas's anniversary is 27th of July
silentnicety	Ok
nicety	Tell me a joke
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Tell me a joke
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	1 (810) 294-9404.Happy anniversary we've been dating for a month. Ps Chrissy gave me your number.
-Raven <3
changetime-most-recent	1am
completetodo-most-recent	Done
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	Kk
completetodo-most-recent	Done
silentnicety	Kk
createtodo	Text Grace Woolner over messenger for Facebook
createtodo	tonight Text Grace Woolner over messenger for Facebook
timecorrection	5pm today
silentnicety	Ok
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Eat cheese
completetodo-most-recent	Done
silentnicety	K
createtodo	eat cheese tonight
nicety	Tell me a joke
nicety	Tell me a joke
fetchweather	Temperatures 
Raven
nicety	Hi
help	Help
nicety	Hi
createtodo	12am tonight sleep
nicety	What's your name
silentnicety	Ok good
silentnicety	Nice to meet you too
nicety	Bye
silentnicety	Your welcome 
Raven <3
nicety	Your fat
nicety	Can I call you
nicety	Call me
nicety	Can you remember something for me
silentnicety	Ok
createtodo	Get packed for Seattle
silentnicety	Lolz
createtodo	Tell Lucas I love him
createtodo	Don't go to Seattle
nicety	Can you remember something for me
createtodo	Mine and Lucas's anniversary is every 27th
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow morning at 8am to text my mom about if she can rent two movies at the red box at Walgreen's. Chappie & Seventh Son 
timecorrection	Change that time to 10am
changetime-most-recent	Remind me at 2:50.
nicety	What is your link so I can share it to my friends?
createtodo	Remind me to tell kyle I love him in 2 minutes.
createtodo	Remind me to tell kyle I love him in 2 minutes.
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done!
completetodo-most-recent	done
deletereminder	Cancel the reminder for tomorrow.
createtodo	Remind me on July 10 that I am house-sitting for the 11th-18th
createtodo	Remind me July 3rd to make an alarm for 7:45am to go to the trail at 8 to meet Ryan.
timecorrection	Change that to Friday the 3rd
nicety	Thank you keeper!  
silentnicety	Nothing.
createtodo	Remind me to text Corey in 10 minutes 
createtodo	I have an appointment tomorrow at 3:20 planned parenthood
deletereminder	Cancel the reminder to text Corey.
timecorrection	No remind me tonight at 6pm
timecorrection	remind me tonight at 6pm
createtodo	Remind me to go to baes house at 3:45
nicety	Thanks  
createtodo	Call mom at 4
nicety	  thx
createtodo	Remind me to ask mom to go with Kelsie tonight at 7:15
changetime-most-recent	Snooze till 11:10
timecorrection	Remind me at 7:30
nicety	Do you love me
completetodo-specific	Going to baes house!
completetodo-most-recent	done
help	Help?
nicety	Are we friends
stop	Cancel
stop	Cancel
completetodo-specific	Done with calling Lisa
createtodo	Remind me to be ready by 11am
completetodo-specific	done ask lisa
createtodo	Remind me to be ready by 11am
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Text yeng at 3am tomorrow
createtodo	Ask Lisa if you can go with kelsie to souix falls Tues July 7 tonight at 6
completetodo-most-recent	Done!
completetodo-specific	Done faxing
nicety	Are you a real person? Nice meeting you too!
createtodo	Get Vince's sweatshirt in the dryer by 3:00 today lol and are you just like a robot?
nicety	You're so cool
createtodo	psychiatrist appointment July 23
nicety	thanks
createtodo	I need to call the psychiatrist 
timecorrection	Call the psychiatrist tonight
completetodo-specific	Can you check off the shower at 7
completetodo-most-recent	take it off please
completetodo-most-recent	take it off please
nicety	thank you
createtodo	okay well I have to take a shower at 7:00
nicety	thank you
nicety	What's your name 
nicety	how old are u
nicety	Keeper 
createtodo	I have to go eat at 4:01
createtodo	I have to go eat at 4:01
createtodo	eat at 4:01
completetodo-specific	okay thank you I'm done eating, I'm sleepy though
completetodo-most-recent	done
nicety	Sleepy
createtodo	Work Friday at 8:00am
timecorrection	Remind me at 6am Friday 
nicety	Thanks 
completetodo-specific	Done with work
silentnicety	Okay
silentnicety	Nice to meet you
silentnicety	Nice too meet you
createtodo	Grandad is picking me up at 1 tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to choose which restaurant to eat at by 1:00 PM tomorrow
createtodo	I have to choose which place to eat at by 1 o'clock
timecorrection	Tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to choose which restaurant to eat at by 1:00 PM tomorrow
createtodo	Jasmyne and Bentley are coming to VCA Friday at 12:30
nicety	Thank you
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Tomorrow I need stuff for pirates by nighttime
nicety	Thank you
createtodo	Go to cablevisi n
createtodo	I need to clean my room no excuses     
nicety	Okay thank you & tomorrow its fine
nicety	No problem ill tell them
createtodo	Get nails done at 4:08 Friday 
createtodo	Get nails done at 4:08 Friday 
createtodo	get nails done Friday at 4:08
changetime-specific	Can you put get my hair and nails done for 4:10 Today 
createtodo	do hair and nails for 4:10 Today
nicety	Thank you 
completetodo-specific	I'm done picking up Kj
completetodo-specific	Done with hair & nails 
nicety	That's all for today
silentnicety	Nice to meet you too
createtodo	Pick Up Kj At 4:06 Today
nicety	Nothing right now
nicety	Done
nicety	Thanks 
nicety	Hey how are you
nicety	What's up
stop	Cancel 
nicety	Hi
stop	CANCEL
stop	CANCEL
createtodo	Call Jaedyn at 2:06pm
nicety	Okay thanks
silentnicety	Okay I will do that
createtodo	I need a reminder every morning at 8:30am to take birth control pills
createtodo	Get snacks after work
createtodo	Get snacks after work at 10pm tonight
createtodo	Text Javier at 10:30pm tonight
nicety	Thanks keeper!
nicety	Will you be my friend keeper
completetodo-most-recent	All done !
completetodo-most-recent	All done !
completetodo-most-recent	All done!
createtodo	Wake up call at 5:30am
completetodo-most-recent	All done
silentnicety	Yes please
nicety	Thank you very much
silentnicety	Who're
silentnicety	Who're
silentnicety	Whore
createtodo	My sons appointment at 9:45 Wednesday the 8th
nicety	Thanks
createtodo	Remind me to go to my school and get an appeal form and a loan form

deletereminder	Nevermind don't worry about hat one
deletereminder	Nevermind don't worry about that one
createtodo	Remind me about my sons heart appointment on Monday July 27th at 1:45 pm
deletereminder	Forget about that one
deletereminder	Forget that
createtodo	Remind me about my sons wic recertification appointment for Monday July 27th
createtodo	Remind me about my sons wic recertification appointment for Monday July 27th
createtodo	Remind me about my sons heart appointment on august 19th at 11:00 am
nicety	Thanks for everything
nicety	I couldn't ask for a beeter reminder
nicety	I couldn't ask for a better reminder!
deletereminder	Remind me to feed my son tomorrow 
deletereminder	Don't remind me tomorrow
deletereminder	I don't need any reminders tomorrow
deletereminder	Forget about Remington me tomorrow 
deletereminder	Forget about any reminders tomorrow
deletereminder	Do not remind me to feed my son tomorrow
deletereminder	No don't remind me tomorrow
createtodo	Work at parkway at 4pm on Friday
createtodo	Take adipex at 11:00 am everyday.
silentnicety	K
createtodo	Pay cellphone friday
silentnicety	 
silentnicety	What
createtodo	Have bags packed to leave at 10 friday
nicety	Ok thanks 
createtodo	I have a  9:00 meeting thursday night
timecorrection	Remind me tomorrow around 6pm
silentnicety	Ok cool
completetodo-most-recent	I done it
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Thanks
silentnicety	Smart
silentnicety	Nice to meet you also so what do you do
nicety	Are you there
silentnicety	Sure
nicety	Thanks 
stop	Stop texting me 
createtodo	Well, have boys at ginas at 5:30 tommorrow 
createtodo	I need to check Facebook at 6 tonight 
nicety	Thanks 
nicety	Thanks 
nicety	How are you 
nicety	Hello

createtodo	Can you remind me when it's 9 pm
createtodo	Text me to buy movie tickets 
nicety	Keeper! 
createtodo	Can you remind me when it's 9 pm
nicety	Thanks 
nicety	What's up
createtodo	Call J&M and capitol one
createtodo	Organize Leon's room
createtodo	GI appointment July 9 at 10:45
nicety	Awesome thank you
help	Tell me more
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Remind me to call Eric at 7:30PM
nicety	Who this
silentnicety	Wow
timecorrection	By 1pm
nicety	Thank you
nicety	Thank you
createtodo	Talk to mom about pricing
createtodo	Remind me to decorate my cheese cake
timecorrection	Today at about 1:00pm
createtodo	Remember to get cinnamon sticks at the store
timecorrection	Today in a half hour
deletereminder	Scratch my previous reminders
deletereminder	Forget my previous reminders
nicety	Hi
completetodo-specific	Done with cinnamon sticks
completetodo-specific	Done with cinnamon sticks
completetodo-specific	Done with 9pm
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at 2:30pm to schedule an eye doctor appointment
nicety	Thank you
nicety	Thanks
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Pull weeds at 9:00 today
nicety	Okay thanks!
silentnicety	Alright
createtodo	Call dad at 9:15
nicety	Thanks
nicety	Okay thanks
nicety	What's your name?
silentnicety	Okay!
timecorrection	Can you put pull the weeds at 9:30 instead?
createtodo	Find out orchestra parts from MTI.
createtodo	Call MTI
nicety	Thanks
createtodo	Buy things for Jalen tonight at 3
completetodo-specific	Got stuff for Jalen
createtodo	Remind me to get my nails done tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to get my nails done tomorrow
createtodo	remind me do my nails tomorrow
nicety	Thank you
completetodo-specific	I packed
completetodo-specific	I packed.
completetodo-most-recent	Im done check it off
completetodo-specific	I called mom check it off
completetodo-specific	done call mome
completetodo-specific	done call mom
createtodo	Remind me at 8 pm tonight to call mom
createtodo	Take my medication at 12 pm
completetodo-specific	Im done taking my medication 
completetodo-specific	done with kids appointment
createtodo	Pick up bill 3
completetodo-specific	Paid credit one 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Buy 
Milk
Bread
Lunch foods
Kitty litter
Smokes
Coffee 
Pop
Water
Pop tarts
Fruit and nut
Body wash
Ranch


createtodo	tonight Buy Milk Bread Lunch foods Kitty litter Smokes Coffee  Pop Water Pop tarts Fruit and nut Body wash Ranch
completetodo-specific	Git bill 
completetodo-specific	Got bill 
completetodo-specific	Got bill 
completetodo-specific	Took maverick to vet
completetodo-specific	done with vet
createtodo	Maverick has vet appointment at 4 today
createtodo	Pay credit one tomorrow
createtodo	Kids appointment at 2 today
completetodo-specific	At appointment
createtodo	Pay phone bill the 23!
nicety	Nothing right now,  thank you 
stop	Stop
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	Ok
completetodo-most-recent	I am do de
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Today at 12 pm I have to clean
createtodo	At 2 I have to cook
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	Ok
nicety	Like wat
nicety	Ok thanks
createtodo	Call financial aid office 
completetodo-specific	Done vacuum room
fetchdigest	What's next keeper
nicety	What's next keeper?
silentnicety	Its nice to meet you too
nicety	Are you there?
fetchdigest	Tasks
completetodo-specific	done straighten up living room please
changetime-specific	snooze all laundry until 6 pm
nicety	Thank you
silentnicety	Ok
nicety	Can I have some motivational support please?
nicety	  Ok thank you keepet
completetodo-specific	Please check off straighten up kids room
nicety	Ok thank you
nicety	Ok thank you keeper
nicety	Thank you
createtodo	All laundry
nicety	Keeper?
timecorrection	Before 2:30 pm
createtodo	Scrub hallway bathroom (sink, bathtub, and toilet)
completetodo-specific	Ok keeper I'm done with sweep and mop all floors
completetodo-specific	done kids room
createtodo	Scrub my bathroom (sink, bathtub, and toilet)
completetodo-specific	done straighten up kids room
createtodo	Straighten up living room
silentnicety	Ok
createtodo	Straighten up bedroom
completetodo-specific	I'm done with straighten up bedroom
createtodo	Straighten up kid's roim
createtodo	Straighten up fireplace room
changetime-most-recent	Snooze that reminder until 6 p.m.
createtodo	Scrub hallway bathroom (sink, bathtub, and toilet) today
createtodo	Clean up outside
createtodo	Vacuum my room
createtodo	Scrub my bathroom (sink, bathtub, and toilet) 3pm
createtodo	Sweep and mop all floors
completetodo-specific	Please check off scrub hallway bathroom
nicety	Thank you keeper
completetodo-most-recent	Ok keeper I'm done
completetodo-specific	done scrub hallway bathroom
createtodo	Take all trash out
nicety	Thank you keeper
createtodo	Empty fireplace
createtodo	Kid's winter clothes
createtodo	Finish grocery list
createtodo	Wash dishes
timecorrection	8pm
changetime-most-recent	Snooze everything on the list until tomorrow morning at 10am
nicety	Thank you
nicety	Can you give motivational support?
silentnicety	Ok 
nicety	Keeper what's next
completetodo-specific	Check off straighten up living room please
nicety	Keeper what's next?
fetchdigest	Tasks
completetodo-specific	Keeper I'm done vacuuming my room
completetodo-specific	Keeper I'm done with vacuum my room what's next
completetodo-specific	I'm done with straighten up fireplace room
nicety	What's Next keeper?
completetodo-specific	done with straighten up fireplace room
nicety	Thanks 
createtodo	Finish college loan every day at 12 pm until July 10th 
createtodo	Remind me in a week to get my tires done 
createtodo	Remind me in a week to get my tires done 
createtodo	Remind me in 2 years that you are geigh niqqa 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
silentnicety	You too
stop	Delete keeper
stop	stop
createtodo	Remind me interview  at 3 pm
completetodo-specific	I picked up Ratchet 
createtodo	Pick up Ratchet
createtodo	I'm picking up Ratchet today. 
silentnicety	Okay. 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
silentnicety	Okay 
createtodo	Monday at 8:30 remind me about my interview 
nicety	Thank you 
nicety	Thank you !
nicety	Thank you !(:
createtodo	Get on plane tomorrow at 2
createtodo	Text Deven by 12 
nicety	Thank you 
completetodo-specific	Done with my interview 
nicety	Thank you !
createtodo	At 12:30 tomorrow remind me to take my ID and birth certificate to my orientation 
completetodo-most-recent	Check off my tasks 
nicety	Thank you ! 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Text Stephanie tomorrow afternoon
createtodo	Return DVD at 3:30pm
createtodo	Call work at 1:30
createtodo	Call work at 1:30
createtodo	Rent Unfinished Business at 10:30
createtodo	Boyfriend gets off work at 8 pm tonight
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Turn in job applications at 12:00pm Thursday (7/2)
createtodo	Doctor apt July 6th 9am
createtodo	Fireworks 9:15 Saturday July 4th
timecorrection	No 9:15pm
timecorrection	9:15pm
nicety	Thank you
createtodo	Call boyfriend at 12pm on Thursday July 2nd
createtodo	This Tuesday July 7th Claire's interview at 2:30pm
stop	Stop
createtodo	Make money
silentnicety	Okay 
completetodo-specific	I got the gift 
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Remind me to cut off my daymaker 
timecorrection	I need you to remind me today 
silentnicety	Okay 
completetodo-specific	Done with my nails and with bae 
fetchdigest	What else do have to do today 
completetodo-most-recent	Okay I'm done 
fetchdigest	tasks
silentnicety	Okay 
completetodo-specific	I've already cut my daymaker off 
createtodo	I need to call my snookums at 1pm today and don't let me forget 
createtodo	And to get him something for his birthday 
completetodo-specific	done daymaker
createtodo	I need to find a new bae 
createtodo	tomorrow I need to find a new bae
nicety	Okay thanks    
timecorrection	Not today. I'll go tomorrow 
changetime-specific	Snooze nails tmr
silentnicety	Okay 
nicety	Okay thanks    
createtodo	Get my nails done   
timecorrection	Like 1:00pm
createtodo	remind me to stop and see lovette
createtodo	Tomorrow I need to leave for the powwow at 9 am
nicety	This is weird
createtodo	Stop and see lovette
stop	Stop
stop	Stop
createtodo	Wake mom up at 12pm
createtodo	Pray for me
silentnicety	Nothing
createtodo	Put gas in after work today 
createtodo	Call trose at 3pm to inform her of sleep study
completetodo-most-recent	Done (:
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at eight in the morning to pick up crickets 
createtodo	Remind Katie tomorrow at 9am to get me an application
nicety	Thank you (:
createtodo	Call my sister at lunch time .
createtodo	call my sister at 1 pm
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done (:
nicety	Thank you !
nicety	I dont have anything on it yet.
stop	I don't like you. Block keeper at 10:38 am
createtodo	I need to stretch for gumnastics.
stop	stop
createtodo	I need to stretch for gymnastics later today
timecorrection	Tomorrow at 5pm
nicety	Okay
createtodo	I need to work on back flexibilty for back handsprings. Saturday at 5 pm. 
createtodo	Pack things back to leave. Saturday at 8 pm. 
nicety	Dummie
nicety	Yeah you beter be ugly
nicety	Hi! 
createtodo	Get my debit card 
timecorrection	Tonight at 4:30
timecorrection	Tonight
timecorrection	No
nicety	Thanks
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
nicety	Nothing atm
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Hello!
createtodo	Unpack at 2:00 pm
nicety	Ok
nicety	That's all for right now 
nicety	Thanks!
nicety	Ok
createtodo	Go see Cory
nicety	Nothing at the moment
help	What do you do? 
nicety	Who are you
nicety	Are you really a keeper or a creeper?
nicety	I was just curious whether thus was a hack 
stop	I no longer want to be messaged from keeper please and thank you
stop	I don't want any other text messages 
completetodo-specific	Took medicine 
createtodo	Call baby at 10am
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
nicety	Hey
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Zumba @ 5:00 today 
createtodo	Medicine at 10:00 am every day
nicety	Sounds good 
nicety	Good deal 
nicety	How do I know your not a creep?
nicety	You are prolly a creep lol
nicety	Not telling
nicety	Bye
stop	stop
createtodo	I need to take my pills at 3 pm
silentnicety	Ok cool. 
nicety	What's up
createtodo	Remind me at 12:58 pm that I need to let the dog outside
createtodo	I need to go get ice cream at 12:59 pm
nicety	I let the dog outside    
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
completetodo-specific	done let the dog outside
completetodo-most-recent	Done done
completetodo-specific	done go get ice cream
silentnicety	K 
createtodo	Remind me to take my pills at 6pm 
nicety	What is my name? 
createtodo	Take birth control before 1:30 pm today 
createtodo	I need to clean my room today 
nicety	You're the best 
stop	Stop
createtodo	don't forget my water and bag before play practice
silentnicety	please
createtodo	remind me don't forget my water and bag before play practice
createtodo	remind me to not forget my water and bag before practice at 3:40
nicety	thanks
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	go to pats house after massage!
createtodo	Remind me go to pats house at 2:30
completetodo-specific	at my massage now
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	don't forget my water today at 3:25
createtodo	 tomorrow I have a massage at 1:15 so remind me at 12
timecorrection	not today, tomorrow
createtodo	Check the mail
createtodo	Check the mail at 1:30pm today
createtodo	Kiss David in 10 minutes
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-specific	Done with checking the mail 
completetodo-specific	Done with take Davids pants off
createtodo	Remind me to check my mail at 1:30pm
createtodo	Remind me to kiss David in 5 minutes
timecorrection	Wrong
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Remind me to take Davids pants off
timecorrection	1:15pm
timecorrection	1:15pm today
createtodo	Pick Sawyer and Nolan up from science camp by noon 
nicety	Thanks 
completetodo-specific	Thumb nail dismiss
createtodo	I work at Perkins from 5-9 on Friday the third. And I have to go to Ty's family dinner this weekend 
createtodo	Friday I work 5-9
timecorrection	Never mind I don't work. Just remind me about dinner
createtodo	Pay off speeding ticket 
timecorrection	Today 
timecorrection	3pm
nicety	Thanks! 
silentnicety	I have tasks! Just not some I needed to be reminded of 
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done, thanks!
completetodo-most-recent	done
nicety	Hi
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Remind me in 2 seconds to take a bite to eat
createtodo	Take a bite to eat in 2 seconds
deletereminder	Nevermind
createtodo	Have sex by 1:00
completetodo-specific	Had sex
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	.
stop	Cancel keeper
stop	Cancel
stop	Cancel
stop	Cancel
createtodo	Hair appointment at 12:30 tomorrow
createtodo	Codys family reunion on Saturday at 12pm 
createtodo	Get ready for my softball game at 4:20
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
silentnicety	Ok
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
createtodo	Clean my room
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
createtodo	Watch wwe
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
stop	I've done all now I'm done with u bye I don't want u
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
createtodo	Clean my room at 8pm
timecorrection	Watch wwe at 9 pm
timecorrection	Instated of 9pm for wwe how about 7:50
--Kaylee.Jo.Canter 15
createtodo	Get SR22 by tomorrow
createtodo	Grocery shopping
createtodo	Hustle hard tonight
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Grocery shopping tonight
createtodo	Hustle hard tonight
nicety	 
nicety	 
nicety	What are you doing?
nicety	 
nicety	 
nicety	hi
falling in love every day<3
nicety	that's ok I don't speak spanish yet eith
falling in love every day<3
createtodo	have sex  12:24 toady
falling in love every day<3
createtodo	I need to txt Jenny when I wake up
falling in love every day<3
createtodo	Txt Jenny at 3pm
nicety	im not roger
falling in love every day<3
nicety	do you like coffee?
falling in love every day<3
nicety	keeper, do you like food
falling in love every day<3
nicety	so do I!!!! What kind of cheese do you like?
falling in love every day<3
nicety	do you like bread to?
falling in love every day<3
nicety	do you speak Spanish?
falling in love every day<3
completetodo-specific	sounds good. Im done having sex
falling in love every day<3
stop	Stop
stop	Stop
help	Hi Keeper. How do I do this?
createtodo	Pick up Jackie at 2:00 today.
stop	How do I cancel this?
stop	How do I cancel this?
nicety	Nice to meet you too.
stop	Leave me alone
createtodo	Obgyn July 22 at 3
createtodo	Remind me to shower when I get home
completetodo-most-recent	Done
timecorrection	 Remind me tonight
timecorrection	1030
nicety	Thank you
timecorrection	10:30pm
completetodo-specific	Done with laundry
createtodo	I need to get up and 9 tomorrow , set an alarm ?
createtodo	wake me up at 9 am tomorrow
completetodo-most-recent	Clear all my todos
createtodo	Eat right
createtodo	Put laundry away tonight @ 11 pm
nicety	Thank you
help	What can you do?
createtodo	Get a new Facebook page imidately 
createtodo	Get on YouNow at 2pm
completetodo-most-recent	I'm finished 
completetodo-most-recent	done
silentnicety	Ok 
createtodo	Study biochem
createtodo	Do my tea article
createtodo	Do my tea article tomorrow
nicety	Okay thanks can you send brief news of that day? 
nicety	Okay try to work on that for me please 
nicety	Thanks 
createtodo	Take the car to Mario for tuneup tomorrow morning at 8:30am
timecorrection	Remind me at 8:00am tomorrow instead of 8:30am
nicety	Thank you
nicety	What's your name?
fetchdigest	Hey keeper what are my tasks 
nicety	Can I call your something else 
fetchdigest	Tasks
nicety	Can I call you eve ?
deletereminder	Cancel all tasks 
completetodo-most-recent	done with all
nicety	Thanks 
nicety	Okay keeper I'm just going to call you keeper. How is your day going keeper?
fetchdigest	Tasks 
completetodo-most-recent	Keeper clean all tasks 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Thanks you for you hard work keeper you can take a break now. 
silentnicety	:)
createtodo	Keeper can you remind me to study tomorrow please 
timecorrection	Okay around 11:00am and also at 11:30am 
nicety	Okay thanks 
createtodo	Can you also remind me that they essay for anthropology is due in two weeks 
timecorrection	No remind me by tomorrow morning please 
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow that the essay for anthropology is due in two weeks
nicety	Okay thanks :) 
createtodo	Can you also remind me to buy Apples tomorrow.
createtodo	And get the printer fixed by Wednesday
timecorrection	No remind me tomorrow 
timecorrection	Remind me tmr
nicety	Okay thanks 
createtodo	Remind me that I have a meeting tomorrow
nicety	Okay thanks 
createtodo	Buy md code red
nicety	Nothing for now
nicety	Thank you
stop	Cancel
createtodo	save money tomorrow
nicety	Thank you!
nicety	Perfect you're the best
nicety	thank you
nicety	Nice to meet you too! 
createtodo	Work Monday at 9 am for deidra Work Monday at 3:00 for STC 
createtodo	Save money . Every day 
completetodo-most-recent	Done 
completetodo-most-recent	Done
timecorrection	Actually go to Alex's house at 6:30 pm today
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Leave Columbia by 4:15 pm today
createtodo	Shave my legs by 6 pm today
createtodo	Go to Alex's house at 7 pm today
createtodo	Remind me to buy a rug and puppy pads later today, around 5 pm
nicety	Hi
help	Tell me more
nicety	Hi
nicety	Nothing
createtodo	Work out at noon everyday
createtodo	Get ready for work at 4:30pm today
createtodo	Grocery list drinking water dryer sheets smoked sausage and rice
createtodo	tomorrow Grocery list drinking water dryer sheets smoked sausage and rice
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Remind Nana to call Debbie at 2:50 pm todat
stop	Cancel
silentnicety	Ok cool
completetodo-specific	Took care of smoke bombs
createtodo	Reminder that I work 11-11 tomorrow
createtodo	I need to empty packages of smoke colored bombs and smoke screens when I get to work today at 3:40
nicety	Thanks !
silentnicety	Ok
silentnicety	You too keeper  
nicety	You rock
nicety	thanks
createtodo	Buy underwear and prepaid debit card today at 4:30
createtodo	Pray 246
createtodo	Leave for class at 12:30
createtodo	Dinner with Dasha at 6:30
createtodo	Do sociology quiz and do nothing paper by 8:30
createtodo	Back for redding before 10
createtodo	remind me back for redding at 9:30pm
completetodo-most-recent	Done
nicety	Goodnight
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	all done
createtodo	remember to pack make up, toothbrush, and hairbrush today at 4:30
createtodo	remind me at 10 a.m. everyday to take birth control
nicety	thank you
nicety	what's your name?
nicety	what's your name?
nicety	what's your name?
nicety	what's your name?
nicety	hey keeper!
nicety	tell me your name
nicety	are you siri?
nicety	are you a girl?
nicety	are you a boy?
createtodo	take birth control everyday at 11:00 am
silentnicety	okay
deletereminder	cancel all of those
createtodo	Pay Julia $15
createtodo	remind me I have work Saturday night
createtodo	remind me I have work Sunday morning
timecorrection	Can you remind me earlier
timecorrection	7:00 am
nicety	Hi keeper
createtodo	Work tonight at 4:45
silentnicety	Nothing for now
createtodo	Don't let me forget I have work on Saturday night
changetime-most-recent	And Sunday morning
nicety	Are you a robot or person?
createtodo	Get Nick at 4
silentnicety	Nothing
nicety	How much do u cost
stop	Stop
changetime-most-recent	Can you tell me again at 3:30
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Call mom at 3:00 today
nicety	Okay thanks
createtodo	Call Mateo at 4:00
changetime-most-recent	Can you tell me again at 3:30?
nicety	OK thanks
nicety	Are you a real person?
silentnicety	I don't know
timecorrection	I don't want to be reminded at 12:07. I want to be reminded at 6:30
timecorrection	AM!!!! 
nicety	Thank you!
nicety	Thank yoi!
nicety	Perfect! Thanks Keeper!
createtodo	Hey Keeper, remind to take my birth control and other medication every morning
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Can you remind me to take my birth control and other medication every morning at 6:30AM?
nicety	Thanks!
nicety	Okay thanks!
createtodo	Pick up supplies from Dollar Tree
createtodo	Wax face tonight
nicety	Thanks!
nicety	I already did. Thanks Keeper! 
silentnicety	Yea
silentnicety	Ok
createtodo	Call my dad after doctors appointment
createtodo	Call my dad after doctors appointment at 6 pm
timecorrection	No, 2pm
timecorrection	2pm
changetime-most-recent	Remind me again at 2:30
completetodo-specific	Done with calling dad
createtodo	Get shelves for bathroom
createtodo	Set up new a new internet plan tomorrow
createtodo	Call JC Penny about my watch repair
timecorrection	Tomorrow
createtodo	Call JC Penny about my watch repair tomorrow
nicety	Thank you! :)
completetodo-most-recent	I've completed all the items on my list!
help	Is your service free of charge?
nicety	Awesome! Are you a human?
completetodo-specific	I added Dimitri to the victors list.
nicety	Ok thanks!
nicety	Are you a real person?
silentnicety	I think you might be.
createtodo	Get started on assignments at noon
silentnicety	Awesome!
completetodo-specific	Finished my assignment
completetodo-specific	I got started on my assignments
silentnicety	I cant tell you
nicety	Thanks!
completetodo-specific	Done with pack for Europe
createtodo	Change voicemail and text
createtodo	Pack for Europe at 5pm tonight
silentnicety	Nice to meet you too
help	So how do I do this
createtodo	I need to go to work at 5
completetodo-specific	Done telling my mom
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done.
createtodo	Remind me to tell my mom I am going to a party tomorrow
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Remind me to tell my mom I am going to a party tomorrow
nicety	Thanks!
nicety	How are you today?
nicety	I love you 
nicety	Can we be together?
createtodo	Do the dishes at 4
nicety	Will you marry me?
completetodo-specific	Did the dishes 
nicety	Hi
createtodo	I have a therapists appointment Tuesday at 3:30
completetodo-most-recent	done
completetodo-specific	Took my jewelry to shop
createtodo	Call forest high School on Monday at 9am
help	Like what? 
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Pack clothes at 4 today
nicety	Are you a real person that just does this for fun?  
completetodo-specific	Got my immunizations
completetodo-specific	Done with immunization
nicety	Lol if I didn't before,  I do now
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done
createtodo	Text stephany At 10pm
createtodo	Care package for Casey at 9:45pm tonight 
createtodo	Remind me on Monday 12pm to fix my car 
silentnicety	Nice to meet u to
createtodo	Look for a job in manassas park for a 16 yr old    tomorrow at 12:30
nicety	Thank u
createtodo	Find a job
createtodo	A job in manassas for 16 year olds
timecorrection	Today at 4:00
createtodo	Sushi dinner at 4 pm today
createtodo	Call jury duty every Sunday, Monday Tuesday and Wednesday after 4:30pm
timecorrection	Starting next Tuesday
completetodo-most-recent	Already did that
completetodo-most-recent	done
nicety	Thank you
nicety	I will
silentnicety	Nice to meet you
createtodo	Put my bed together
silentnicety	Nothing
changetime-specific	Snooze unlock bike from train to 6:30
nicety	Thank you!
help	What else can you do?
createtodo	Remind me to unlock my bike from the train at 5:50.
nicety	Thank you so much!
changetime-most-recent	Snooze 5 mins
changetime-most-recent	Snooze 10 mins
deletereminder	Cancel unlock bike on train
completetodo-specific	Done with unlock bike
completetodo-most-recent	All done!
completetodo-specific	Done with unlock bike
completetodo-most-recent	All done!
createtodo	Remind me to feed Chloe at 3:30
createtodo	Pack for Dad's house at 3:00
createtodo	Make bed and get dressed at 2:25
completetodo-most-recent	Done!
createtodo	Remind me of my interview at Alderbrook
createtodo	Remind me next Monday
nicety	Thank you Keeper!
help	Tell me more
createtodo	Call mom and dad about Money for CWU tomorrow 
createtodo	Check the work schedule at 5 pm
nicety	Thank you Keeper! 
nicety	Hi Keeper!
createtodo	Buy groceries at 4 today
createtodo	Do laundry tonight
nicety	Thanks
help	How much does it cost monthly to text this
createtodo	Remind me tonight at 10  to set my alarm for 8:15 tomorrow morning
silentnicety	Okay
completetodo-specific	I got groceries. And started laundry
deletereminder	Cancel
createtodo	Remind me to visit West Hills Honda Human Resources department to complete application process within the week.
createtodo	Remind me to workout at 6 PM.
help	How does this service work?
help	help
help	Tell me more.
nicety	Hello.
nicety	Hi Keeper
createtodo	Go fishing with Josh tonight at 7
nicety	Is this an actual person
nicety	Are you a computer or a person texting me
nicety	So did you need help texting that last text
stop	Alright I don't need you anymore, don't text me anymore
stop	stop
nicety	Hi
silentnicety	Nice to meet you too
silentnicety	Perfect
createtodo	Buy toothpaste
createtodo	Doctors appointment July 16th at 1:00 pm
createtodo	Go to college tour July 6th with mommy
timecorrection	At 1 pm
createtodo	Vaccum my room before July 4th
timecorrection	Vaccum my room tomorrow insteaf
nicety	What's your name?
nicety	Okay thanks
fetchdigest	What am I doing saturday?
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Dishes
createtodo	Remind me to call Vanderbilt at 11am on Tueday
timecorrection	Tuesday
createtodo	Get david up at 12:00
createtodo	Buy drugs 
timecorrection	but drugs later today
completetodo-most-recent	 Done
createtodo	Go to the bank 
createtodo	I have to go to the bank today before 5
createtodo	go to the bank today before 5
timecorrection	Before 5pm is better. 
timecorrection	4pm
createtodo	Today I need diapers, whipes, ball, bedding and formula
timecorrection	Around 5pm
nicety	Are you a real person?
silentnicety	Yes lol
silentnicety	No
nicety	Cool cool thanks
silentnicety	K
help	I have a question first
createtodo	Wake up at 2:30 today 
createtodo	Go to sleep 
createtodo	I NEED TO GO TO SLEEPING 
createtodo	Make dinner tonight at 6:30
createtodo	Make dinner tonight at 6:30
help	Thank you. I have a question
nicety	Are you a real person 
nicety	Are you? 
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Buy gift for Megan for camp and food for camp
createtodo	Buy gift for Megan for camp and food for camp on Sunday
nicety	Thanks
createtodo	Today I have to leave at 1:45 for work so remind me at 1:30 please
nicety	Thanks
help	If I ask u anything would you answer even if I need a reminder
nicety	Hi
createtodo	Deodorant from home
timecorrection	Today
timecorrection	Earlier
timecorrection	Around 12:30
nicety	Hi
createtodo	'Take a shower at 4:30'
createtodo	'Pack Clothes at 5'
createtodo	Use the bathroom at 5:30 and leave at 5:45
createtodo	Leave the house at 6
createtodo	Be ready to meet Maria at 7:30 at foodlion
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done
createtodo	Finish fafsa tonight at 8
createtodo	Meet with academic advisor on Tuesday at 12
createtodo	Tell me to run at 7:30 on Monday 
timecorrection	No remind me 7:30 pm 
deletereminder	Forget to remind me to run 
timecorrection	remind me 7:30 pm
deletereminder	Cancel my reminder for Monday at 7:30
nicety	Thank you! 
silentnicety	Yes 
silentnicety	 
silentnicety	Lol
nicety	You're my only friend 
nicety	This is so cool 
completetodo-specific	Check finish fafsa off my to do list
completetodo-most-recent	I finished all those tasks
createtodo	'Wash my clothes'
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done
createtodo	Remind me not to text Wyatt today
createtodo	help around the  house at 3pm
createtodo	Remind me not to text Wyatt today at 4 pm
createtodo	Work at 4 today
createtodo	Help around the house
createtodo	Check Lubbock
changetime-most-recent	Snooze Til tomorrow at 11 am
createtodo	Tomorrow at 8:30 AM discount tire to fix tires
createtodo	Get pay schedule 12:30 m
completetodo-specific	Check off text Britney
completetodo-specific	done text britney
createtodo	Go to Jayden and Brittnee after work 8 PM
createtodo	Call caprock at 6:00 pm
completetodo-specific	Check off call lindsey
completetodo-specific	Done with call Lindsey
completetodo-most-recent	 Check it
changetime-most-recent	Snooze Til 2pm
completetodo-most-recent	Take off to do list
completetodo-specific	Check off pay schedule
completetodo-specific	Check off caprock
createtodo	Text Britney at 8 AM
completetodo-most-recent	Check off list
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Work  tomorrow at 8
createtodo	Call lindsey today at 5:30
stop	Don't text me again
nicety	Are you a real person? 
nicety	Hello
silentnicety	No work. 
createtodo	Go to work at 6 to pick up my check
timecorrection	6pm is great. 
createtodo	Call Sierra at 3
completetodo-specific	I am done petting my cat
timecorrection	No at 1:19
deletereminder	Don't remind
deletereminder	Cancel reminder
completetodo-most-recent	Done thank you 
createtodo	Take a walk 
createtodo	Loose weight 
createtodo	loose weight tomorrow
createtodo	Leave the house at 4:00 to go stores
nicety	Thts all I need
nicety	Hi keeper
help	What can you do?
stop	How do I stop this?
stop	Stop.
stop	Quit.
completetodo-most-recent	Done thanks
silentnicety	Got it   
completetodo-most-recent	done
nicety	No that's all for now
stop	Fuck off 
completetodo-most-recent	You too! Done and done
fetchdigest	Any tasks today?
fetchdigest	Updated reminders?
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me to watch houndini Thursday night
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me that new shipment is expected to arrive this week
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me Friday night engagement party
changetime-most-recent	Make it for 5:35?
fetchdigest	Any reminders?
fetchdigest	Reminders?
completetodo-specific	Met with josh
createtodo	Eye appointment July 21st at 10am
timecorrection	Text me the day before, please?
timecorrection	Text me the day before to remind me of my eye appointment
nicety	What is your name
Faith rush    
completetodo-specific	Done cleaning tomm
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done
completetodo-most-recent	Ok it's done haha
completetodo-specific	Hey I'm done turning up
completetodo-most-recent	Done
completetodo-most-recent	Okay check that off
completetodo-most-recent	Check both of those tasks off
createtodo	Remind me to text cubby back at 12pm
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at noon that I babysit in Lake Latowana @2:30
completetodo-specific	I got gas
completetodo-specific	Okay the first one is done
createtodo	remind me to turn up tonight at 8pm
nicety	Hey how old are you
nicety	How old are you
silentnicety	Swag
nicety	What's my name
completetodo-most-recent	All of those things are checked off
completetodo-most-recent	Check off all tasks
nicety	Hey keeper
createtodo	Remind me at 11pm  to get gas
createtodo	Empty the dishwasher!
completetodo-specific	I read my cheer email
completetodo-specific	Please quit reminding me of getting my belly pierced
completetodo-specific	Check off get a tattoo 
completetodo-specific	done get a tattoo
fetchdigest	What are my tasks for tomorrow
nicety	Is it safe?
createtodo	Get my belly button pierced 
createtodo	Get a tattoo
completetodo-most-recent	Check that off please 
createtodo	Get a tattoo tomorrow
completetodo-specific	I woke dad up
createtodo	Research grad schools Thursday afternoon 
timecorrection	Make it 230 please 
completetodo-most-recent	Done! Thanks 
createtodo	Oh, I need to start supper at 6pm
timecorrection	Older kid's bedtime not 8. I want it for 8:30
createtodo	Can you tell me at 1030pm that "Krystal gets home in half an hour! Hide the hookers and blow!" There's no way I'll be able to remember once the party has
timecorrection	No, 10:30pm. It's already past 103
createtodo	Snacks at 4:45
nicety	You guys ever get sick of this? 
fetchdigest	Tasks for today
nicety	So can you tell me if you're the same person or does it switch every so often? 
createtodo	I need to start cleaning the corner at 3
createtodo	I need to start cleaning the corner at 3
fetchdigest	Can I see my list so far please? 
createtodo	Kids' Quiet Time is done at 430pm
nicety	Are you a real person? 
createtodo	Call the apartments at 4:00 today
nicety	That's it for now
nicety	Will do have a lovely day(:
stop	Don't text me again 
nicety	Ummmm I could use a hug :D
createtodo	Do laundry
nicety	you text back super fast
completetodo-most-recent	Done!
fetchdigest	What do I have to do
createtodo	Go grocery shopping at 6pm
createtodo	Pay rent at 2pm
fetchdigest	What do I have to do
createtodo	Go to the gym tomorrow at 530pm
createtodo	Send an email to stonybrook Friday at noon
createtodo	Remind me at 3 PM today to look up solutions on protools 
createtodo	Remind me at 8:30 PM that I have Russian book club
createtodo	Remember to buy pizza at 7:30 PM
createtodo	Remember to buy pizza at 7:30 PM
createtodo	Remind me in another two hours
completetodo-specific	Done with leaving
completetodo-specific	Done with stonybrook
completetodo-specific	Done with esl
fetchdigest	What's left
completetodo-most-recent	I did it
completetodo-most-recent	done
createtodo	Remind me in two weeks of the kombucha is ready
fetchdigest	What do I have left
completetodo-specific	Sent Vince logos
completetodo-specific	Called Vince 
completetodo-specific	Updated
createtodo	Ask Eli about how it looks when blocked number at 9:30 PM
completetodo-specific	Done with ask eli about how it looks when blocked number
completetodo-specific	Done with pick up sugar 
fetchdigest	What tasks are left?
fetchdigest	What tasks do I have left?
fetchdigest	What are my current tasks?
createtodo	remind me to take out money for tolls 
timecorrection	2 PM works better
createtodo	Remind me to check up on Josh   by 3 PM today
createtodo	Remind me to call mom at 1 PM today
createtodo	Remind me to buy deodorant by 1pm
createtodo	Remind me to pay my phone bill this Friday
createtodo	Remind me to do my eyebrows tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to go see Josh tomorrow
createtodo	Remind me to come in a little bit earlier on Sunday
completetodo-specific	Done with call mom
completetodo-specific	Done with check up on josh
fetchdigest	What tasks do I have left?
createtodo	Give mom pay stub 2pm
timecorrection	1:45 is better
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done
createtodo	Ask Eli about car receipt at 3:45 PM
nicety	Thanks 
createtodo	Get wiper fool from mom at 10 pm 
createtodo	Pick up sugar today at 2:00 p.m.
completetodo-most-recent	Done
createtodo	Get ready for work at 2:45 
completetodo-specific	Done with pay phone bill
completetodo-specific	Done with take out money for tolls
stop	I want to quit your service
timecorrection	Let me know In 1 minute please
nicety	Thank ya
completetodo-most-recent	Check that
fetchweather	Today's forecast
completetodo-most-recent	Clear task
createtodo	Go to Norristown by 3
nicety	Do I have to call you keeper?
completetodo-specific	I asked her 
deletereminder	Cancel that last reminder 
fetchdigest	Can you show me my reminders?
completetodo-specific	I cleaned my fish tank already
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me to take birth control every day on next wednesday
createtodo	FaceTime Grant at Four pm
nicety	So what's up
createtodo	I need to be at the bus station at 9:05 AM tomorrow morning
timecorrection	Remind me tomorrow at 8 AM instead
completetodo-most-recent	I have finished both of those tasks you may remove them and thank you for the weather :)
createtodo	Remind me Monday morning to call the colleges
timecorrection	By 10:30 am Monday morning instead
deletereminder	No never mind
nicety	Thank you
nicety	I've already saved your number
nicety	Ok thank you
timecorrection	No remind me around 3 PM today
completetodo-specific	Already asked her
createtodo	Find Pirates Of The Caribean Wallet
nicety	Lol Do You Answer Questions
silentnicety	Ok
changetime-specific	Snooze Take Clothes Back To The Store To 11:00am
completetodo-specific	Done Taking Clothes Back To The Store
deletereminder	Cancel all tasks
nicety	Thank ya
stop	Please stop texting me.
completetodo-specific	Don't with taska
~Soco Hunter~
completetodo-most-recent	Done with tasks
~Soco Hunter~
createtodo	Read public speaking and finish chp1
createtodo	Pick up banana nut bread and strawberry refresher 
nicety	It's my birthday
completetodo-most-recent	Mark everything done
silentnicety	Yeah
fetchdigest	List my todos for tomorrow 
deletereminder	Take off todos 
fetchdigest	List my remainders for tomorrow 
completetodo-specific	Yvonne check
createtodo	Pay irs check 
createtodo	Pay irs check 
completetodo-specific	Yvonne done
completetodo-specific	Pay irs done 
createtodo	Remind me to Write thank you emails 3pm
createtodo	Remind me to Call dad 3pm
createtodo	Mail computer
createtodo	Sort magazines
createtodo	Figure out UPS
nicety	Are you hitting on me, Keeper?
completetodo-most-recent	Done all
completetodo-specific	Done getting drunk 
createtodo	Remind me to go to bed early at 10pm 
createtodo	Remind me at 6pm to go home to watch jeopardy 
completetodo-most-recent	Keeper Mark all tasks done
completetodo-most-recent	Keeper Mark all tasks done
createtodo	Remind me at 6 o'clock to leave work by 7 PM
createtodo	Remind me at 4:30 I have a meeting at 5:30
createtodo	Remind me at 5 o'clock to follow up with Coby
completetodo-most-recent	Mark all tasks as done 
completetodo-most-recent	done with all
createtodo	Dinner for Gianni's birthday on Saturday
createtodo	Remind me Wednesday to make a reservation for Saturday
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done 
createtodo	Get drunk 
timecorrection	In an hour
deletereminder	Cancel that last reminder
completetodo-most-recent	Task complete
fetchdigest	What are my tasks
completetodo-most-recent	End task
completetodo-most-recent	All complete
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done with both things
nicety	Goodmorning. 
*KMR;06.13.15<3*
createtodo	Feed the dog
createtodo	I need to walk the dog at 3:00
createtodo	I need to feed the dog
createtodo	I need to feed him today when he's awake 
silentnicety	You got it
fetchweather	How hot is it outside
fetchweather	What's the temp outside
completetodo-specific	I gave my time sheet!
completetodo-specific	Done with first task
createtodo	Finish chores at 4
nicety	Can you tell jokes?
completetodo-specific	Cashed checks
completetodo-specific	Changed interview 
completetodo-specific	Gave the dog a bath
timecorrection	No remind me two week from now
completetodo-specific	Mark off call aunt Nette
createtodo	Email Todd to ask what day meetings will be on
createtodo	Call gci
changetime-most-recent	Remind me to do this again @ 11 pm
completetodo-most-recent	Check both of those off 
silentnicety	I don't care 
nicety	Sounds good so your a computer 
nicety	Thank you 
nicety	Hello what do you exactly do
fetchdigest	 What tasks do I have?
nicety	But thank u is much 
stop	Whatever nigga
stop	Go awat
stop	Please Go away
nicety	I don't know, are you?
createtodo	See if john is online at 3:00 today
silentnicety	Nothing
nicety	Oh cool!  
completetodo-most-recent	Ok I'm done
silentnicety	Lol cool
silentnicety	What dose that mean when you snooze a reminder?
nicety	Ok cool thanks
nicety	Ok I sent it to my friend
silentnicety	      no problem
nicety	Lol so are u Machine?
stop	Text me never
completetodo-specific	I washed the toothpaste off of my face
deletereminder	Delete happy birthday
completetodo-specific	I checked with my mom
createtodo	Check out the Confidence Gap
completetodo-most-recent	I've done both of those tasks
completetodo-specific	I followed up with Mitchell and josh
fetchdigest	What are all of my tasks?
nicety	Okay cool. How much are you?
nicety	Nothing right now! Thank you
completetodo-specific	I put 40 in the tip jar
completetodo-most-recent	Check and check 
createtodo	I need a boyfriend 
nicety	What's your favorite emoji?
createtodo	Text mom for me
fetchweather	What is the weather right now
createtodo	Find my boyfriend
nicety	Thank you
nicety	are you a robot?
nicety	so your not human
help	How do I check task off?
silentnicety	Okay I'll be waiting 
createtodo	Remind me to You have group Friday 
createtodo	I need milk 
fetchdigest	What all Are you reminding me of?
fetchweather	Tell me the forecasts for today 
fetchweather	Whys the weather like?
deletereminder	Clear tasks
silentnicety	That's good
fetchweather	What's the forecast for tomorrow
createtodo	Rind me to look for my mail key at 9 am tomorrow
nicety	Hey
nicety	What are you doing ?
nicety	Ok well goodnight
createtodo	Remind me to Check the mail at 5 o clock 
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at 1255 pm to ask about a genesis paper for the hospital 
completetodo-most-recent	Mark all as completed
changetime-most-recent	Snooze till six pm tonight 
stop	Don't message me anymore 
timecorrection	Keeper reminded me today at 8 AM
deletereminder	Cancel tomorrow at 2:40
stop	CANCEL 
completetodo-most-recent	On my way thank u
createtodo	Remind me to I work at 6:30pm
silentnicety	Oh cool !
completetodo-most-recent	Check all
createtodo	I need you to track Waldo 
 Christy Lynn 
createtodo	Get a life
createtodo	Do English reading and journal
nicety	Maybe
deletereminder	Scratch that! 
silentnicety	I believe that is all for now!!
completetodo-most-recent	I have finished all of those tasks 
completetodo-specific	I took my medicine!
createtodo	Pay capital one every month on the 7th before 4pm
createtodo	Reminds me to pay mortgage and best buy every 16th of each month
silentnicety	Amen
completetodo-specific	Check off call bank
stop	Pleae stop texting me
changetime-most-recent	Plz remind me again in an hour 
completetodo-specific	I'm at Linda's 
completetodo-most-recent	Done. That you 
silentnicety	Okie dokie
fetchdigest	Keeper what do I have scheduled for tomorrow
createtodo	Have me check in with associated staffing later on in the day 
~Ashley Marie Baca~
silentnicety	OK lol
~Ashley Marie Baca~
completetodo-specific	Went to doctor
completetodo-specific	Went to bank
createtodo	Go to Dales for Gas. 
completetodo-specific	Watered plants
completetodo-specific	Miss pat came
createtodo	Call NVMS to ask about getting McKae into choir
silentnicety	Nothing
stop	Unsubscribe 
fetchweather	What will the weather be like on Saturday
silentnicety	woot woot!!
deletereminder	Cancel sariyah bday
completetodo-specific	Done telling Will
createtodo	I need to bring harry potter tomorrow at 9am 
createtodo	I need to clip my nails at 9am tomorrow 
nicety	Can I have sex with you? 
createtodo	Remind me to Take your pills at 9:30am every day
createtodo	Remind me to Take your pills at 10am every day
createtodo	Research Marxism and religion
createtodo	Remind me to Update resume on SOIC careers
createtodo	ad to navnav
createtodo	Download and save all Multiply training PDFs 
createtodo	Learn how to "write to learn" 
createtodo	Order accounting my book!
createtodo	Learn how to "write to learn" 
createtodo	Read quicksand 
createtodo	Make name tags for doors in center
completetodo-specific	Done with meeting Sam Toy
createtodo	keep accounting notes in one paper folder
createtodo	do intro to fiction homework
createtodo	Jon birthday party today at 3pm
createtodo	Read prayer by Tim Keller
createtodo	Connor needs a new iPhone 5s screen 
createtodo	Get rid of pc folders on iPhone 
createtodo	Malala research 
createtodo	Start a Roth IRA 
createtodo	Prepare for emergency presentation 
createtodo	Do bulletin boards
createtodo	Post more on buffer
createtodo	Remind me to Submit INFO I 491 report 
createtodo	Keep notes of all your one on ones after they finish
createtodo	Finish Lasting Hope website 
createtodo	Remind me to Tell Stevens to invite people to capture the flag
createtodo	Remind me to Burn gaither cd for Anderson 
createtodo	Submit INFO I 491 report 
createtodo	Remind me to Start Facebook event for Tammy Perry and print flyers
createtodo	Follow up with Marcus and David
createtodo	Visit center building residents!!!
createtodo	Listen to Root Love
createtodo	Remind me to Do accounting studying and problems 
createtodo	Remind me to Prepare month programs for CM Willkie
createtodo	But grey IU shirt that David has
createtodo	Buy toothpaste
completetodo-specific	Done with Jon birthday party
createtodo	Buy razors
createtodo	 Memorize Philippians
createtodo	Read Jesus is
createtodo	Read IUXA book
createtodo	Finish how to read bible
createtodo	Read Jesus is
createtodo	Parks and Rec watch it 
createtodo	Research Yahoo in early days 
createtodo	Plan dates with Tammy Perry
createtodo	Look at Orr fellowship 
createtodo	Do homework for Intro to Fiction
createtodo	Research term "relatable"
completetodo-specific	Done with change bank account for Willkie
createtodo	Get lunch with Steven Chen
createtodo	Burning man tickets
createtodo	Buy burning man tickets at 3
createtodo	Get VGA adapter and Bluetooth controller at 8am
createtodo	Start budgeting to build your makeup kit
createtodo	Work on Thursday
fetchdigest	What is tomorrow?
stop	I don't want these texts anymore
fetchweather	Is it raining outside? 
stop	Don't text me
nicety	I'm up.
stop	Can you please stop texting me.
nicety	and your name is?
stop	Stop texts 
nicety	OK I am heading to work now
nicety	Hey keeper
nicety	Can you remember a task for me?
nicety	Keeper
silentnicety	I am sad
silentnicety	Oh ok
fetchweather	Is it going to rain tomorrow 
fetchdigest	What are you reminding me of tomorrow?
fetchdigest	What are you reminding me of tomorrow?
completetodo-specific	Go to the doctors is checked!
changetime-most-recent	Can you remind me again at 10 AM
fetchweather	Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
completetodo-most-recent	Check!
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me Monday at 9pm Babysitting at 10PM
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow morning at 8:30 deposit check
changetime-most-recent	Never mind can you remind me at 7 tomorrow morning
changetime-specific	snooze hang out with lex until Sunday
silentnicety	nope. nothing going on today.
completetodo-specific	I checked my FAFSA email
createtodo	Remind me to It's noon
completetodo-most-recent	I did all of those
completetodo-specific	I checked the oil in my car
nicety	Already saved your number!
silentnicety	Nah, I'm done with everything I need to know
completetodo-most-recent	Done all task
silentnicety	No prob
completetodo-most-recent	Cancel all events 
completetodo-most-recent	Cancel everything 
createtodo	Read article on ascd 
silentnicety	I have a question for u keeper
nicety	R u a human?
completetodo-most-recent	I finished all of my tasks!
fetchdigest	What's on my to do list?
changetime-specific	Snooze change nose ring
fetchdigest	Can I see an updated list of tasks?
createtodo	Remind me to Pay Katie
createtodo	Remind me to Corey
createtodo	Remind me to check book
createtodo	Remind me to Nir
createtodo	Remind me to Gisel
createtodo	Remind me to Office locations
fetchdigest	What are my tasks tomorrow?
fetchdigest	What's left?
nicety	Hi keeper!
fetchdigest	What are all my tasks?
completetodo-specific	I brought the chainsaw
fetchdigest	What is my schedule for tomorrow?
createtodo	Finish Telling Lies
help	Is there anything else you can do?
nicety	What's your real name
fetchweather	What's the forecast for tonight?
nicety	Do aliens exist?
createtodo	Cut my nails 
createtodo	Secret Santa
createtodo	Remind me to school work later today
nicety	Lol good morning jinx 
nicety	 Jinx.  It is the morning. 
silentnicety	Alrighty! Talk to you soon.
fetchdigest	What reminders do I have
changetime-most-recent	Weekdays not weekends
silentnicety	No tasks for today
silentnicety	Yeah ok then will do
nicety	Are you a boy or a girl?  
completetodo-most-recent	Check all of those
silentnicety	Awh. Yay .  
stop	I don't need you anymore
silentnicety	Burger king is good
nicety	I'm up 
completetodo-specific	Done with wake up at 11:30
silentnicety	Not yet
completetodo-most-recent	It's done
createtodo	Disturbed concert tickets when they go on sale
fetchdigest	Can you send me my schedule?
fetchweather	Also is there any chance of rain?
fetchdigest	what else do I have to do
completetodo-specific	Take swimming off
question	when is my doctors appointment on the 15th what time?
question	What time is my doctors appointment on the 15th
createtodo	Nailpolish remover upsidedown pineapple cake tp
createtodo	Remind me to Next wednesday you have a doctors appt
fetchdigest	Was I supposed to do again today
completetodo-specific	I scheduled the appointment
createtodo	Remind me to start
fetchdigest	What are my reminders
nicety	No I don't want to 
fetchweather	Is it going to rain 
deletereminder	Cancel all tasks
completetodo-specific	Done with court August 5
fetchdigest	What are my tasks for today?
completetodo-specific	Done with packing stuff
fetchdigest	What do I have on my to do list?
fetchdigest	Can you give me my to do list
fetchdigest	Can you give me my to do list
nicety	Thankyou.   
nicety	Thank you. I'm glad I found you
createtodo	Remind me to Call IRS
createtodo	Remind me to Try to send the lens back to canon
completetodo-specific	Done with calling mom
createtodo	Send josh Sandler the latest SC contract
completetodo-most-recent	I'm at it!
fetchdigest	What else is on my list for today?
fetchdigest	Any thing left for today?
completetodo-most-recent	    
createtodo	Fix bathroom sink 
stop	How do I unsubscribe from your service
fetchweather	What's the temperature?
createtodo	Set up meetings with Al Ed Bridge
createtodo	Remind me to Set up meetings with Al 
createtodo	Submit Clarity report by end of day  Ed Bridge
silentnicety	OK bae love you !!
nicety	Hi there
createtodo	Remind me to take my girlfriends trash out at 7 am
createtodo	Look at iPhone ap
createtodo	Karen towels at 930
fetchdigest	What is my list
fetchdigest	What do I need to do today?
createtodo	Please remind me of my SDA brunch at 8 on Thursday 
createtodo	Remind me to write Grandpa and Grandma Coyne a thank you note for my tuition on Sept 20
createtodo	Remind me to Write thank you notes to Linda and Drevis, Bim and Alice, Chip, Jon and Bee on Saturday
createtodo	Reschedule tire plus appointment
completetodo-most-recent	U can mark that off my list 
completetodo-most-recent	I competed the task
changetime-most-recent	No remind me on Friday
completetodo-specific	Done emailing Mark
completetodo-specific	I'm awake
fetchdigest	What's my list
createtodo	Buy gifts for george
changetime-most-recent	Before 6
createtodo	Buy snacks for the design team
changetime-most-recent	Before i end work today
deletereminder	Don't remind me anymore.
createtodo	Hexum reality - call and ask about places to rent in the Gardens
completetodo-most-recent	I am done
createtodo	Remind me to tell Fletcher I like him by 4pm
createtodo	Remind me to change tires at 12pm
createtodo	Remind me to change tires at 12pm
fetchdigest	Show me my tasks for today
fetchdigest	Could you send me my to do list?
fetchdigest	Show me my tasks for today
fetchdigest	What do I have for today
fetchdigest	How's my day looking?
fetchdigest	What is on my schedule for this week?
silentnicety	That's all for now. Thank you.   
completetodo-most-recent	am done 
completetodo-specific	I'm awake 
silentnicety	I have to go. Bye!
joke	Tell me a joke
fetchweather	Is it going to rain today? 
stop	I mean how do I get rid of you
createtodo	And pencil holder
createtodo	And files
createtodo	And stick pins
createtodo	Still need to clean kitty box
nicety	Tell me I'm beautiful
createtodo	Remind me to trash day every wednesday
createtodo	Remind me to trash day every sunday
fetchweather	What's the chance of rain tomorrow
fetchdigest	Keeper what's my plans for today
fetchdigest	What are my task for today
silentnicety	  Nothing else bye keeper
silentnicety	Nothing and good morning
fetchdigest	What are my task
fetchdigest	Can you give me a list of the task and reminders I have set so far ?
fetchdigest	What are my tasks for the day?
fetchdigest	What is on my list 
fetchdigest	What is on my to do list 
deletereminder	Remove go to bed from my list 
deletereminder	Delete go to bed from my list 
deletereminder	Delete go to bed 
fetchdigest	What is on my list 
stop	Don't want no more text message from you
completetodo-specific	Done with Livingroom
fetchdigest	read me what I have on my schedule tomorrow 
silentnicety	going  
silentnicety	That's fine
createtodo	Remind me to 8:40pm Makeup, Black shoes, Black socks, Maroon cammi, Phone charger, Chrome book charger, Selfy stick, Other shit, and stay calm.
fetchdigest	Do I have any reminders for tomorrow?
fetchdigest	What are you reminding me tomorrow?
silentnicety	Ok I
nicety	Thanks
tip-question-response	Never 
createtodo	Remind me to Work on Saturday at 6am
fetchdigest	What's on my list
createtodo	Remind me to Text Elien and Katie hilton, tickets for Colbert, change meetup, change google sheets to sandlot account instead of personal, new web pages w Carolyn, Derek and john stuff, get to emailing individuals, jeans with kate, ad card handouts, talk with Dana and Flo
createtodo	Remind me to Text Elien and Katie hilton 11 am
tickets for Colbert  11 am
change meetup  11 am
change google sheets to sandlot account instead of personal   11 am
new web pages w Carolyn  11 am
Derek and john stuff  11 am
get to emailing individuals  11 am
jeans with kate   11 am
ad card handouts   11 am
talk with Dana and Flo   11 am
createtodo	Make craigslist post
createtodo	Followup with groupon
completetodo-most-recent	All above tasks complete
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me at 7pm today to buy toothpaste and deodorant
createtodo	Remind me to 7pm mail RC's phone charger
fetchdigest	what's my to do list
deletereminder	No longer need reminder to take medicine
deletereminder	Do not need reminder to take medicine
deletereminder	Cancel reminder
deletereminder	Stop 
fetchdigest	Can you send me my task list?
createtodo	Do the dishes
createtodo	Sweep and mop the kitchen
createtodo	Sweep and mop the living room
createtodo	Do laundry
createtodo	Write Patriks email
createtodo	Vacuum the furniture
completetodo-specific	Done texting Pitt
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow around 9 to text Pitt soccer back
changetime-most-recent	9am
nicety	What you doing keeper
fetchdigest	What reminders do you have for me
createtodo	Bring in clothes from car
fetchdigest	What else is on my list
createtodo	Prepare breakfast meals
silentnicety	I'll inform you later 
stop	Stop sending texts 
createtodo	Remind me to Psychology paper due on Friday at 2:40pm today
nicety	well talk to you later 
silentnicety	 Ew wtf I don't take medications you fucky duck!
createtodo	Football game at Mullens
silentnicety	Okay. Cool.
createtodo	Basketball game home against Pineville
silentnicety	That's perfect
createtodo	Book global entry
createtodo	Remind someone that I love them
fetchdigest	What do I have to do tomorrow
fetchdigest	What's on my to do list today
silentnicety	Yes that's fine
createtodo	Remind me to Give papa $20 tomorrow at 430
silentnicety	it's ok
nicety	can u call?
createtodo	Work on clinic paper research
fam(ily)
createtodo	Work on clinic paper research
fetchdigest	What are my tasks for the week?
createtodo	Finish psychology reading
fetchweather	What's the forcast today
fetchweather	Is it a good day to play outside?
silentnicety	Ok great 
fetchdigest	What do I have to do today?
fetchdigest	What time is my appointment?
createtodo	Remind me to tell kevin to call Chesapeake tomorrow at 10
joke	Now tell me a joke.
createtodo	Remind me to You are babysitting Parker and Kennedy sept 25th
createtodo	Remind me to You are babysitting Parker and Kennedy Oct 2
fetchdigest	Can I see my check list?
frustration	Shut up
changetime-specific	How about 9
createtodo	Remind me to text me at 10:46 am
silentnicety	New tasks
createtodo	Leave for Pasadena by three
completetodo-specific	finished doing the deaf culture quiz
createtodo	do deaf culture quiz
fetchdigest	Tasks for tomorrow
silentnicety	Co
completetodo-specific	I studied for my quiz
createtodo	Do Case brief for criminal due processing rights
createtodo	Do listenings for Private voice
fetchdigest	What's on my agenda for tomorrow?
createtodo	Take out Trash
createtodo	Need to be reminded I need to take pictures of my bike 
completetodo-most-recent	I'm done with t now 
silentnicety	:)
nicety	What are you doing today?
completetodo-specific	Photoshoot done 
fetchdigest	Send me my tasks please 
createtodo	Remind me to 2pm return chairs and table to church
createtodo	Remind me to Make info cards for Yolo night 3pm
createtodo	Remind me to Fold laundry 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Pay car insurance 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Put bed back together 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Do hw 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Fix fafsa 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Look at Pell grant 2pm
createtodo	Remind me to Look at cal grant 2pm
completetodo-specific	Don't looking at Pell grant 
createtodo	Remind me to 3. Walk over to the corner of the grocery store and pick up Sam Shawn and Jenn Feom
createtodo	Remind me to Make sure Sam Shawn and Kk have packed clothes, bathing suits, shoes, pjs and pull ups. Nonnie (julie) will be here to get them about 4ish
createtodo	Remind me to when her big sis returns her - greet them and be polite. I just need their to be a connection when she returns. Debrief with Tqira! lol. 8pm tonight
nicety	Thaaaaaaaanks! 
createtodo	Gets tampons eventually. 
completetodo-most-recent	Check off my task for today. 
createtodo	Do accounting homework and read during class
createtodo	My friend gabe is gay 
nicety	Good morning!
silentnicety	That works 
createtodo	Practicum seminar Monday at 12:30
createtodo	Stain remover
silentnicety	No problem 
fetchweather	Should I wear jeans 
createtodo	I need to do laundry
createtodo	do French
createtodo	Send Edgar $28
createtodo	Mail Lisettes letter 
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me at 8pm about car people
createtodo	Remind me to 9pm hairbrush/dog bowls
createtodo	Remind me to 9pm CNA registration
createtodo	Remind me to 9pm soccer reg
createtodo	Remind me to 9pm car insurance people
createtodo	Show Jonathan how keeper works
createtodo	Order Bethany's Herbalife
createtodo	Skinny mint tea

createtodo	Remind me to Mango and tablet
createtodo	Remind me to Do my list tonight at 950
createtodo	Send email to landlord
createtodo	Create routine
createtodo	Remind me to Look into witch groups covens
createtodo	Look up how to improve eyesnaturally
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me to take my meds everyday 9pm
completetodo-specific	I have taken my meds
fetchdigest	What's my list look like
completetodo-specific	I took my meds this morning
createtodo	Remind me to take my meds 8 am and 8 pm everyday
nicety	Thank you
question	When are your minions going to contact me
createtodo	Remind me to Take your meds everyday at 9pm
fetchdigest	What's my to do list look like
changesetting	do not send me weather forecasts
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me to get license plates at 1pm
completetodo-specific	Mark off read for Chem 
createtodo	Remind me to Remind me Page 55, 11-17 odd & Page 65, 11-14 all, 19 and 20 and 33 and 35 for math.. at 6pm today
fetchdigest	What is my to do list 
createtodo	Add sell furniture 
silentnicety	Sounds good!
createtodo	Biossance Week 6 social content 
createtodo	Remind me to Take my medicine at 7pm every night
createtodo	Remind me to Square out schedules
createtodo	Remind me to Designated rooms
createtodo	Remind me to Distribute IEPs
createtodo	Remind me to Laminate scrabble pieces
createtodo	Remind me to Leave for grad class Thursday at 4:45
completetodo-most-recent	Done leaving for class
completetodo-most-recent	Done all my tasks for today
createtodo	Revise Ella's iep 
createtodo	Remind me to Take your medicine at 5pm daily
createtodo	Stop by home after work to get money for parking (6:00)
createtodo	Remind me to Stop by home after work to get money for parking (6:00)
changetime-most-recent	Well better remind me the day before like tomorrow Wednesday. 
createtodo	Download safer waters Chevelle 
completetodo-specific	i've finished my map
silentnicety	  
createtodo	Remind me to Take your medicine every Saturday at 8am
createtodo	Remind me to Take your medicine every Sunday at 8am
silentnicety	Yes u r
createtodo	Remind me to check out beinvolved
createtodo	Remind me to Print paper tomorrow at 830 am
question	Hi there.  Do I have an appointment scheduled today?
frustration	What??? Do I tHe an appointment today? Yes, or no
silentnicety	Thanx !!!  
silentnicety	Mmkaay
silentnicety	Sounds good sunshine
completetodo-most-recent	Both these tasks are done
changesetting	Can you please give me the forcast at 8am instead on 9am
completetodo-most-recent	Done with all of my tasks
completetodo-specific	Done with prem Bahadur
completetodo-specific	Done with afternoon meeting
nicety	I have literally nothing to do today
frustration	Remind me of what?
frustration	Don't remind me
createtodo	Get up 2:30 pm today 
createtodo	Gym workout 
createtodo	Bring Austin sock at 7 in the morning 
fetchdigest	What are you reminding me of tomorrow. Can you give me a list 
fetchdigest	I want to know what you are reminding me of tomorrow 
deletereminder	No delete that. 
fetchdigest	What do I have going on tomorrow 
completetodo-most-recent	Done! 
createtodo	Remind me to remind my husband your Emoney needs to go grocery shopping at 6pm
createtodo	Remind me to Text Zach about painting at 3 pm
createtodo	Remind me to Go to pick up the internet box at comcast on friday
createtodo	Remind me to Look up medical stuff 
fetchdigest	What's on my list for today 
stop	Unsubscrib
changetime-most-recent	Postpone for an hour
createtodo	Remind me tomorrow at 6pm about online English
createtodo	Buy Manila envelope tonight at 8:45
silentnicety	That's it for now!
fetchdigest	What are all my todo's
completetodo-most-recent	Done with all of it 
question	How do you know what the weather is like in my area?
silentnicety	Never mind
silentnicety	Never mind
question	Why do you keep saying that?
completetodo-specific	I called Jen. Thank you
fetchdigest	Tell me all the reminders I need for today
frustration	Omg shut up
frustration	Shut up
frustration	Go away
createtodo	Remind me to working at 11
createtodo	Remind me to  do homework at 11:30
createtodo	Remind me to 911 task tonight at 9:10pm
fetchdigest	What do inhave today 
fetchdigest	What do i have today's
fetchdigest	What is my to do list so far?
createtodo	Fill my e pin tomorrow before school
changetime-most-recent	Tomorrow at 7am
createtodo	Okay! And can you also remind me to put my e cig on the charger tonight at 6pm
nicety	Thank you!
nicety	So how are you?
nicety	No problem! What's your favorite color?
nicety	Is there a reason you like blue?
createtodo	Remind me to Sep 15th pay phone bills
createtodo	Remind me to Sep 21st email Bree's teacher to see how she is in school
createtodo	Remind me to Oct 1st apply for food stamps again
createtodo	Remind me to Oct 1st buy food
fetchdigest	What are today's reminders?
